dragon dragon, dragon dragon,
Longlong, are you okay?
Okay, if you really compare, why do you still carry out a sneak attack?
It cultivated me and allowed me to work hard on the whole class plan of the hero,
What do you think of the magic light story?
I'm a sword-playing horse,
I can trade you all apart.
Today, I will make the world late for you heroes,
It's the shredded meat of chicken.
He is too cautious
I want to take a look today, that’s all
In my territory
No one in Tianhai can match the treasure mark that we have
Then no one teaches you a lesson today
you won't disappear
Then let me do it with my own hands
Come teach you how to behave